Okay. So, in this web app so far,
we only had data for the United States and it was one line.
So now, I've done a graph where I have all of these data from different countries.
So, let me show you how I did this and it's not that much code.
Going back here to the workspace,
all I did was change a little bit of the routes.py file.
So, here what I have commented was the code before where I had
graph one and I was just using data from the United States in the x,
y and name parts of this list.
If I go down here, what I've done now,
is I've made this graph one list and then I'm actually
iterating through the data and for each country I have of data,
I am appending part of the visualization to this graph one list.
So, you might have to stare at this code for a little bit to understand
what I did but essentially it's really similar.
You still have this go.scatter part here,
but the difference is that I keep appending
new ones to this graph one list for each country in the data set.
That's all I did to get this visualization to show up like this.
Next, I'm going to add in a few more visualizations
and also start using Bootstrap so that the front end looks a little bit better.